Internal: Docs - Experiments Manager [ED-4464] (#15816)
elementor/elementor: docs/core/experiments/manager.md

# Experiments Manager

> 

Reviewer: Maybe change the PR name from "Docs: Experiments Manager [ED-4464]"  to "New: Docs experiments Manager [ED-4464]"

Author: Done.

Since some of our features are still being worked on, and to avoid any potential issues,

> we’ve given you the option of switching them on and off and testing how they impact your site.
> You’ll be able to try out these features in a safe environment and influence future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
we've given you the option of switching them on and off and testing how they impact your site.
You'll be able to try out these features in a safe environment and influence future releases.
```

Reviewer 2: Remove al `you` `we` etc.

## Product Knowledge Base:

- [Elementor Experiments - Developers Center](https://developers.elementor.com/elementor-experiments/)

- [Elementor Experiments - Help Center](https://elementor.com/help/features/experiments/)

- [Introducing experiments in Elementor 3.1](https://elementor.com/blog/introducing-elementor-3-1/)

## Technical Description:

This is the Experiment Manager of Elementor. It registers and manages all the experimental features in Elementor.

Each module (`Elementor\Core\Base\Module`) can register its own experiments using the static `get_experimental_data()` method.

> In addition, you can "talk" directly to the manager in order to register an experiment using `Plugin::instance()->experiments->add_feature()`.

Reviewer 2: Add an example

Using both of the above methods, you can set the experiment name, description, release status (alpha, beta, dev, etc.),

> default state (active / inactive) and more! You can even pass a callback to run when the feature state has changed!

Reviewer: (active/inactive), and
